reflections/reflectiveJournal.md, before:

# Reflective Journal

## Week 1:
This is our first week. We learned Scratch.

### What is Scratch?
Scratch is a free programming language and online community where you can create your own interactive stories, games, and animations.

### What is visual programming?
Visual programming is a sort of programming language that allows users to illustrate processes. A visual programming language enables developers to explain the process in words that are understandable to humans, as opposed to a traditional text-based computer language that forces the developer to think like a machine. The size of the gap from visual to conventional programming is determined by the visual programming tool.
### What are some programming principles that you have discovered?
Keep It Simple, Stupid (KISS) ...
Write DRY Code. ...
Open/Closed. ...
Composition Over Inheritance. ...
Single Responsibility. ...
Separation of Concerns. ...
You Aren't Going to Need It (YAGNI) ...
Document Your Code.
### Can you share your favourite Scratch project that you have made or remixed?
This is my first Scratch project --https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/717602873/
![test2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/110362125/187781315-159e36bc-5e46-421b-87e2-4dae4dd77588.png)



## Week 2:

### What is git?
Git is a DevOps tool used for source code management. It is a free and open-source version control system used to handle small to very large projects efficiently. Git is used to tracking changes in the source code, enabling multiple developers to work together on non-linear development.
### What is GitHub?
GitHub is a Git repository hosting service that provides a web-based graphical interface. It is the world’s largest coding community. Putting a code or a project into GitHub brings it increased, widespread exposure. Programmers can find source codes in many different languages and use the command-line interface, Git, to make and keep track of any changes.

GitHub helps every team member work together on a project from any location while facilitating collaboration. You can also review previous versions created at an earlier point in time.

So now we know what Git and GitHub are. Time to gain a better understanding of the importance and relevance of what is GitHub by exploring its features.

What are GitHub’s Features
Git
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRZGeaHPoaw

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwWKnnCMQ5c

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G14WMD8Kg3U&t=1285s

## Week 3:
This is our first week. We learned Scratch.

### What is VS Code?

Commit message:

Visual Studio Code
Basically I love VS Code for using to do codes for Python.

reflections/reflectiveJournal.md, after:

# Reflective Journal

## Week 1:
This is our first week. We learned Scratch.

### What is Scratch?
Scratch is a free programming language and online community where you can create your own interactive stories, games, and animations.

### What is visual programming?
Visual programming is a sort of programming language that allows users to illustrate processes. A visual programming language enables developers to explain the process in words that are understandable to humans, as opposed to a traditional text-based computer language that forces the developer to think like a machine. The size of the gap from visual to conventional programming is determined by the visual programming tool.
### What are some programming principles that you have discovered?
Keep It Simple, Stupid (KISS) ...
Write DRY Code. ...
Open/Closed. ...
Composition Over Inheritance. ...
Single Responsibility. ...
Separation of Concerns. ...
You Aren't Going to Need It (YAGNI) ...
Document Your Code.
### Can you share your favourite Scratch project that you have made or remixed?
This is my first Scratch project --https://scratch.mit.edu/projects/717602873/
![test2](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/110362125/187781315-159e36bc-5e46-421b-87e2-4dae4dd77588.png)



## Week 2:

### What is git?
Git is a DevOps tool used for source code management. It is a free and open-source version control system used to handle small to very large projects efficiently. Git is used to tracking changes in the source code, enabling multiple developers to work together on non-linear development.
### What is GitHub?
GitHub is a Git repository hosting service that provides a web-based graphical interface. It is the world’s largest coding community. Putting a code or a project into GitHub brings it increased, widespread exposure. Programmers can find source codes in many different languages and use the command-line interface, Git, to make and keep track of any changes.

GitHub helps every team member work together on a project from any location while facilitating collaboration. You can also review previous versions created at an earlier point in time.

So now we know what Git and GitHub are. Time to gain a better understanding of the importance and relevance of what is GitHub by exploring its features.

What are GitHub’s Features
Git
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tRZGeaHPoaw

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gwWKnnCMQ5c

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G14WMD8Kg3U&t=1285s

## Week 3:
This is our third week. We learned about Visual Stodio Code.

### What is VS Code?
Visual Studio Code is a streamlined code editor with support for development operations like debugging, task running, and version control. It aims to provide just the tools a developer needs for a quick code-build-debug cycle and leaves more complex workflows to fuller featured IDEs, such as Visual Studio IDE.
